That's That's cool. Look at the bunch of
old uh
>> All of them are dirty. Yeah, that's
really cool, actually.
That's really neat.
I'm tempted to get them and sell them as
a lot. Look, there's even a Batmobile
here.
Huh, number Part glass horse. Oh, that's
cool.
Now, we need to find out how much this
stuff costs. Hey, how are you doing?
>> Morning.
What you got on these uh on these right
here?
>> wood derby? Yeah. You want all of them?
Yeah, if I bought them all, you got five
of them there. Yeah. If you take all of
the 10 of those. Okay, let me let me
keep looking a little bit.
Make your little pile, all right.
What you paying for that horse?
>> a couple of bucks is what I want to pay.
I haven't asked him yet.
Candace, we owe him five for these,
okay? You did? Oh, you did? Okay.
>> I'll do
10 on the small one, 20 on the big one.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure these were the
ones I built when I was a little boy.
Yeah, these are neat.
You even got you a Batmobile in there.
That was a fun one to make.
I don't know if they still do them
anymore today.
>> Yeah, they do. I I I know they do.
>> just not as big as it was in general.
>> uh see it, too. Uh
Yeah. Yeah, these are really cool, man.
Thank you, bud.
The 560 dollars.
What do they have on it?
>> 40.
Well, it looks like it's in good shape.
Yes. Actually, there's a plug right back
there.
>> Oh, perfect. Okay.
Cash register. Look at that.
Yep, right there. It's still got the
stickers on it. It's a good enough deal
to where I can figure it out for me. I
just want to make sure it wasn't going
to be DOA or anything, you know? What
are you guys thinking?
You don't mind me asking? Oh, we're I'm
going to resell it. Oh, okay.
Hopefully.
What do you Yeah, what are y'all
thinking? I have sold bowling balls
before.
>> I I don't I we were just going to see if
we found a bowler and if they wanted
them, they could they can make an offer.
Uh
>> Those are pretty old. The The one in
that bag is pink. It's probably what, 5
years old? Could we do 15 for all of it?
Or are y'all thinking more? Oh, 20?
Can I think Yeah, we can do that. We can
do that.
>> and shoe covers and everything in
>> Okay, yeah, we can I'll take a shot at
that.
Like I said, we do resell, so
we're pretty we're pretty
uh liberal in what we can buy. Hey, can
you throw this Can you throw two of
these in? paper Yeah, absolutely.
>> You got two more, so they might go with
that other one.
Is that good? That's perfect. Okay,
awesome. Thank you so much. Yes, ma'am.
Thank you.
Thank you so
Thank you so much.
Yeah, appreciate the deals, man. Thank
you.